Network binding plugin, docs: Add compute resource overhead (#12299)
kubevirt/kubevirt: docs/network/network-binding-plugin.md

> is started and plugging it back at the destination after the migration completes.
> Future development will consider adding a new migration method to support
> migration for such interfaces.

## Compute Resource Overhead

> Some plugins may need additional resources to be added to the compute container of the virt-launcher pod.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Some plugins may require additional resources from virt-launcher's pod compute container.
```

> It is possible to specify compute resource overhead that will be added to compute containers of virt-launcher pods
> derived from virtual machines using the network binding plugin.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Is possible to specify the network binding plugin additional resources requirements of the compute container.
The additional resources requirements will be added to the original resources requirements specified by the virtual machine spec.
```

> **Note**: At the moment, only memory overhead request is supported.

For a network binding plugin to support compute resource overhead, the `computeResourceOverhead` field

> must be specified in the Kubevirt CR.

Reviewer: Should we say the `computeResourceOverhead` should be specified with the required overhead?

Author: Since there is a link to the user-guide, it is implied that the configuration instructions will be there.
